Research:
Understand symetric ciphers
what is a sybil attack
Read Ethereum's whitepaper
Read Cardano's documentations
Understand Bridges
what is raspberry pi
What is Hyperledger
What is Ouroboros
Understand Ricardian Contract
Hydra blockchain
The Dao Hack
How is quantium computing a threat to cryptography
Cardano stake pool
AskToken
Hashing Algorithms(Learn cryptography)
Difficulty Target
Understand Scalability factors in Blockchain/
Structure of a block in blockchain/
Understand the Hard Fork Conbinator/
proof of proof of stake
TCPIP
Understand The Merkle Tree
the two way peg
What is the Howey test (Security tokens, Utility)
Understand mutual bonds, Bond etc.
Arweave
Understand QR codes and how they work.
Understand a Turning machine.
Cardano DID
getting a software engineering job.
getting a Blockchain Dev job.
Public verifiable secrete sharing(PVSS)
Understand Verifiable Random function (VRF)
What is a state machine?
What is a virtual state machine?
What is an Isomorphic state machine?
what is state Grinding
What is HTTP Protocol
What is File transfer protocol
Discentralised Hash Table
Programming Languages concepts
Understand Plutus core
Understand different types of smart contracts
A.I Integrated blockchain.


Note:
In Asymmetric crptohgraphy, the private/public key pair are used both for encrypting and decrypting data but in distinct use cases.

=>For verification and validation of a sender:

 The Private Key is used for verification and validation of the sender by signing (encrypting) the message using the senders private key which is then decrypted using the shared public key.

=>For sending hidden messages:

 The public key is used for sending hidden messages by encrypting the message with the receiver's public key which can only be decrypted by the receiver with his/her private key.

Secure Hashing Algoritm:
SHA-3 is an improvement of Keccak256




Questions:
=>In a merkle tree, is it the validated transaction that are being summarised into the merkle root?
=>Do Miners validate transactions and share the validated transaction between other miners which they then add to their respective blocks or do they validate the blocks and then share the validated blocks amongst other miners or validators?




=>Bitcoin Design:
Quantum entanglement to blockchain
Bitcoin White paper
Merkle Tree function in block validation
How Transactions are being validated in proof of work
CNFT and their Projects


=>Consensus Algorithms:
BFT network & PBFT network
Hash fuctions vs Hash Algorithms
Proof of elapse time
Haskel Vs Plutus


Mitesh/Vignesh: Cryptography Distributed computing
How to get the documentations for the era of Cardano
Slot time Vs Block time
Understand Pledge
Random Number Generator not good
Is it validator or skakepools that are selected randomly
PVSS
Ask about Ouroboros classic
